readme.md, before:

# p-pipe [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/p-pipe.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/p-pipe)

> Compose promise-returning & async functions into a reusable pipeline


## Install

```
$ npm install --save p-pipe
```


## Usage

```js
const pPipe = require('p-pipe');

const addUnicorn = str => Promise.resolve(`${str} Unicorn`);
const addRainbow = str => Promise.resolve(`${str} Rainbow`);

const pipeline = pPipe(addUnicorn, addRainbow);

pipeline('❤️').then(console.log);
//=> '❤️ Unicorn Rainbow'
```


## API

### pPipe(input, …)

The `input` functions are applied from left to right.

#### input

Type: `Function`

Expected to return a `Promise` or any value.


## Related

- [p-each-series](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-each-series) - Iterate over promises serially
- [p-series](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-series) - Run promise-returning & async functions in series
- [p-waterfall](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-waterfall) - Run promise-returning & async functions in series, each passing its result to the next
- [More…](https://github.com/sindresorhus/promise-fun)


## License

MIT © [Sindre Sorhus](https://sindresorhus.com)

Commit message:

Add support for specifying an array of arguments

readme.md, after:

# p-pipe [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/p-pipe.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/sindresorhus/p-pipe)

> Compose promise-returning & async functions into a reusable pipeline


## Install

```
$ npm install --save p-pipe
```


## Usage

```js
const pPipe = require('p-pipe');

const addUnicorn = str => Promise.resolve(`${str} Unicorn`);
const addRainbow = str => Promise.resolve(`${str} Rainbow`);

const pipeline = pPipe(addUnicorn, addRainbow);

pipeline('❤️').then(console.log);
//=> '❤️ Unicorn Rainbow'
```


## API

### pPipe(input, …)

The `input` functions are applied from left to right.

You can also specify an array as the first argument instead of multiple function arguments. Mostly only useful if you have to support Node.js 4. With Node.js 6 and above you can just use spread syntax.

#### input

Type: `Function`

Expected to return a `Promise` or any value.


## Related

- [p-each-series](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-each-series) - Iterate over promises serially
- [p-series](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-series) - Run promise-returning & async functions in series
- [p-waterfall](https://github.com/sindresorhus/p-waterfall) - Run promise-returning & async functions in series, each passing its result to the next
- [More…](https://github.com/sindresorhus/promise-fun)


## License

MIT © [Sindre Sorhus](https://sindresorhus.com)
